```toml
title = "0.10.0 Released - Major Release"
slug = "0-10-0-release"
date = "2016-03-25 00:00:00"
author = "pugo"
tags = ["pugo","release","stable"]
```

`PuGo` 0.10.0 **Beta** is released. There are many major changes:

## TOML support

`PuGo` support `TOML` to define meta and front-matter. And now, `PuGo` converts all default data to TOML instead of INI. But INI is continuing supporting.

You can read the new default `meta.toml` to learn about the TOML format.

<!--more-->

## International

`PuGo` add language files supports in `source/lang` directory. The default language files contains basic translated values for site. Language files support TOML and INI format.

Read [Languages](/en/docs/cnt/i18n.html) to learn how to write language file.

Then the global translation tool is added in template render. 

Read [International](/en/docs/tpl/i18n.html) to use `{{.I18n}}`.

## Deploy to Cloud Storage

`deploy` command add [AWS S3](https://aws.amazon.com/s3/) and [Qiniu](http://www.qiniu.com/) method. In cloud storage service, you can upload static files to serve public, and bind your domain to the cloud bucket. So just like running static website.

Read [AWS S3 and Qiniu](/en/docs/deploy/cloud.html) to try how to deploy.

## Upgrade Changes

- `Comment` setting changes:

```toml
; comment settings
[comment.disqus]
site = your-site
```

Change to:

```toml
; comment settings
[comment]
disqus = your-site
```

- Template changes:

Some data objects and functions are changed. You need update your template in many cases.

Read this [issue](https://github.com/go-xiaohei/pugo/issues/20) to learn details.


- `Meta` data:

Now you **must** add an author in meta data. Read [guide](en/guide/create-new-site) to get the data struct of author.

- Command `build` flag value changes:

`pugo build --theme="default"` changes to `pugo build --theme="theme/default"`. You need set full relative path to refer to theme.